@title = 'November'

## The Oh No! Riseup is Down! Newsletter

"hey, i just want to thank you all (sincerely) for being down all
day...it is a good thing to go a day without mail, i felt great all
day!!!" 
                - an actual quote from a riseup email user


This is a special newsletter for all you riseup.net email users out
there in Internet land who were wondering what happened to on Friday
that kept you from getting at your email

As many have written in to point out, you could not login to check
your email through IMAP/POP or webmail on Friday, for a really long
time! 

Thats because the system crashed in the morning and when we went to
fix it, it refused to come back up, yikes! Off to the colo the riseup
worker bees marched with tools and hope. Several hours of standing
around in a loud machine room later, it was determined that this
machine was not going to ever come back again and we needed to put on
the work gloves and begin disaster recovery. 

Sometime around 4am everything was restored to a different machine and
we opened the floodgates for the email that was waiting to pour in and
for any wayward souls who were up that early checking email. Any email
that people sent you during the outage will be delivered, however we
did loose about 5 hours of email between 2am and 7am Friday morning.
We will be attempting in the next few days, some data recovery
procedures to see if we can find that misplaced email.

Hey, email being down was kinda nice wasn't it? Comon, admit it! What
did you do instead? Hang out with friends? Maybe you went for a bike
ride in the hills? Maybe we should have a scheduled day every month
when we take email down so you go meet your neighbor, call up an old
friend, kick a ball around, do some real-world organizing or just have
a party in the streets celebrating! It was "Buy Nothing Day" in the
USA, and since it was also "Email Nothing Day" you could've been out
reversing consumptive consumer disorder!

We hope this didn't cause too much disruption in your efforts, and
that you did have a nice day that day instead of being glued to the
computer (like we were)!

In solidarity,
riseup

PS - consider dropping some change in the bucket! 
http://help.riseup.net/donate
