@title = 'May'

## CONGRESS THREATENS INTERNET PRIVACY

According to an article in cnet[1], there is bi-partisan support for
severe changes to the data retention laws in the United States. These
proposals may be voted on this week.

Currently, the US is one of the few countries with good laws regarding
data retention: a internet provider may be required to turn over data to
authorities, but they are not required to collect any data in the first
place.

Under a new proposal[2] from Rep. Diana DeGetteick[3] (D-CO), any Internet
service that "enables users to access content" must permanently retain
records that would permit police to identify each user. The records could
not be discarded until at least one year after the user's account was
closed.

If enacted into law, this might make it impossible for riseup.net to
operate in the United States. While it might sound like a good idea to
flee the Empire sooner than later, we have invested heavily in building
our infrastructure in the US. Also, there are not many places on earth
which are better, legally speaking.

We will keep you, our loyal users, up to date on any new developments
regarding this proposed law.

[1] http://news.com.com/2102-1028_3-6066608.html?tag=st.util.print
[2] http://tinyurl.com/gzo88 ;(PDF of proposed law)
[3] http://www.house.gov/degette/

## PHASING OUT INSECURE CONNECTIONS

After careful consideration, we have decided to phase out insecure
connections to riseup.net. Don't panic! We will make this change gradually
over time so as to minimize the inconvenience and pain. This change is
kind of like switching to recycled toilet paper: it may be a pain in the
ass at first, but you will be better off in the long run.

Currently, you may connect to riseup.net services using either a secure or
insecure connection. A secure connection is one where all the
communication between your computer and the riseup.net server is
encrypted. Typically, secure connections use either SSL or TLS. With an
insecure connection, on the other hand, all the data is sent in "clear
text" which makes it very easy for someone to eavesdrop on the
communication.

In a web browser, if you look in the location bar and see "https://" at
the beginning then the connection is secure. If you see "http://" then the
connection is insecure.

Over the next couple months, we will begin disabling insecure connections
on the standard domains. Don't worry: we will give you many more warnings!
During our transition period, we will still allow insecure connections,
but only using a special 'insecure' domains.

IMAP receiving email
 secure: mail.riseup.net
 insecure: insecure.mail.riseup.net

POP receiving email
 secure: mail.riseup.net
 insecure: insecure.mail.riseup.net

SMTP sending email
 secure: mail.riseup.net
 insecure: not available

Web mail
 secure: https://mail.riseup.net
 insecure: http://insecure.mail.riseup.net

Mailing lists
 secure: https://lists.riseup.net
 insecure: http://insecure.lists.riseup.net

Eventually, the insecure domains will go away once they are not being used
anymore. If you have questions or concerns about this change, fill out a
help ticket at https://help.riseup.net/support

If you are having difficulty using secure connections, please read
http://help.riseup.net/certs.

## MORE DONATIONS NEEDED!

Alright kids... it is time to empty out the piggy bank, turn out your
pockets, and search the couch for lost coins: riseup needs money!

We have started to pay a meager stipend to four of our collective members.
This will enable them to focus more energy on their work for riseup.net.
If we are going to continue these stipends, we need to greatly increase
the donations in 2006 over what we received last year.

This is the only way we are going to be able to keep pace with the demand
for services. Our higher budget should mean better services, more
capacity, and faster response times on trouble tickets. Best of all, it
takes us closer to our goal of building a stable alternative institution
bent on resisting all domination. Super fun!

Also, look at it this way: your money is not going to be worth much after
the collapse, so you might as well give it to us now!

See http://riseup.net/donate for information on how to contribute. We ask
that people living in the Global South do not donate to riseup.net but
rather keep their resources local.
