@title = 'February'

## riseup story time

In our early days, all of Riseup's servers were housed in people's
basements around Seattle. Though lovely in theory, in practice it meant
that power outages, heat loving vermin shacking up with our boxes, and
eco-conscious house guests turning off computers, could lead to
collective panic. Our motto during this time was "Just as reliable as
Hotmail." We didn't always know if we were doing the right thing
spending so much time writing software, fixing bugs, and providing
services, but we hoped it would grow and be good for the movement.

So here we are, seven years later, still hoping we are useful to people.
If you have any stories of how Riseup.net has affected your world, we
would love to hear them, and might include a few in our newsletter this
year. Please send them to pigeon@riseup.net.


## list requests are back

Our list requests were all screwed up for the last month and a half, we
couldn't see the requests when they were coming in, we fixed that but we
are sad about how long some of your requests were waiting. Its all fixed
now, so lets have a group hug.


## how long does mail last?

Messages in your Sent folder are automatically deleted after 120 days!
Your Spam folder gets cleared out once a week! Your Trash every three
weeks! This is an automatic, system-wide process and we can’t make any
special exceptions. If you are hiding away messages in one of those
folders thinking they will last through the winter so you can pull them
out later to feast on them like a squirrel, you should move them to
another folder, or back them up locally.

For more information, see: http://help.riseup.net/mail/special-folders/


## seeking ruby on rails volunteers

The revolution will not be hosted by myspace! Riseup is steadily
building Crabgrass, our very own open source, not for profit, social
organizing platform. Crabgrass is designed for group and network
organizing, and tailored to the needs of the global justice movement.

There’s an excellent crew of developers (some from riseup, some not)
actively working on this project. If you are a ruby on rails developer,
html / css or ajax coder and are interested in getting into the
development mix contact starling@riseup.net


## you too can enjoy the thrill of donating to riseup

Thank you to all the people and organizations who have supported us
throughout the years. We exist solely through user support. If you
haven't yet given, give it a try!  It's easy and you know that paying
for the services you use (or more, if you can), goes directly to
providing social justice activists and organizations around the world
with communication tools that are a real alternative to corporate
control of our technical infrastructure.

Learn more about all the different ways you can support Riseup,
http://help.riseup.net/about-us/donate
