@title = 'August'

## WELCOME

Welcome to the Riseup Newsletter. This monthly newsletter is sent to all
Riseup email users and mailing list administrators. Look for important
updates, technical tips, donation information and occasional useless
trivia. We send the newsletter in three languages: Portuguese, Spanish
and English.

Today’s useless trivia: In the last six months, Riseup has created new
email accounts for users representing 104 countries. A total of 14530
email addresses exist, 317 of these were created last month.

## SYMPA UPGRADE

For many months, the riseup birds have labored on a task of epic
proportions: upgrade Sympa, the software libre that runs lists.riseup.net.

Their journey has not gone well. We have discovered that the new version
of Sympa cannot handle the number of lists we have: it explodes in a
fiery ball of flaming electrons if it tries to think about the 11
thousand riseup lists.

What to do!? If you are us, the first step is to run around in a panic,
flapping your wings wildly. The second step is to realize that your
collective does not have the kind of genius perl hacker required to fix
sympa. The third step is to find such a genius and hire them to fix all
your problems. Our genius is now hunkered down in a remote
anarchist-geek squat madly hacking away in an attempt to make sympa
behave and save our tail feathers.

Send him your love and please help us pay for his food so he can eat by
giving us a donation, no matter how small your contribution will save
riseup lists from total annihilation!

## WEBMAIL CHANGES

Webmail has been particularly buggy lately with many features broken or
working sporadically (like downloading archives, multilingual interface,
adding to your addressbook, etc).

We have heard your cries of pain! We have reverted to an older, more
stable, and more secure version of squirrelmail. This older version does
not have some features (like the ability to flag messages) but on the
whole it is much much better. As an added bonus, the interface is now
available in many more languages (even Arabic).

Really, though, you should only use webmail if there is no other option.
Trust us, a real mail client makes life better. See
http://help.riseup.net/mail-clients for more information.

## RISEUP IN TRANSITION

A founding member of riseup is flying away to graduate school after
working on riseup full time for the last seven years. His departure will
create a period of serious transition for riseup as the birds adapt to
this change.

During this period of uncertainty, we need your donations more than
ever! Without the steady stream of love and support from users like
yourself, riseup would quickly shrivel up and die.

Ironically, we need your support most of all in the form of dollars, the
embodiment of the cruelty and domination we struggle against. All money
is blood money, and we need your’s.

See http://riseup.net/donate for information on how to donate.

In solidarity,
the riseup collective
