@title = 'June'

## WELCOME

Welcome to the Riseup Newsletter.  This monthly newsletter is sent to
all Riseup email users and mailing list administrators.  Look for
important updates, technical tips, donation information and occasional
useless trivia.  We send the newsletter in three languages: Portuguese,
Spanish and English.

Today's useless trivia: on a typical day, riseup.net rejects 195,997
emails as spam or viruses, and accepts 147,800 emails (including some
which are probably spam, but we are not certain).

## GETTING YOUR LIST APPROVED

Have you ever requested a list and had it rejected or taken a long time
to be approved? Why, you wondered, are the Riseup folks not willing to
support your wonderful work? It's most likely for the following reasons:

1. Lots of people request lists saying who they are, but not what their
work is. So if you say, "We are radicals from Walla Walla" we reject it,
not because we don't love you, but because we have no idea what work the
list would serve.

2. Lots of people request lists with unexplained acronyms. When we have
time, we research what these initial might mean, but lots of times it is
inconclusive. Even if you are sure we know what your organization is,
spell it out please!

3. Sometimes requests come in languages we don't know. If it's not in
Spanish, Portuguese, German, French, or English, please write the name
of the language in, and we will do our best at translating it.

For more information about requesting a list,
http://help.riseup.net/lists/subscribers/creating-lists/

## SOCIAL NETWORKING FOR THE REVOLUTION

Have you ever wanted a website where your group can communicate
securely, share documents and photos, make decisions, track tasks, share
calendars, and make wikis? Would you like this to be Software Libre
(Free Software) and hosted by your friendly neighborhood
privacy-obsessed radical tech collective?

Sound too good to be true? That is why we are building it. In
cooperation with Mycelia and Radical Designs, the riseup collective has
created "crabgrass," a software project to facilitate bottom-up,
democratic, network organizing. This ain't myspace. More like
tools-for-the-global-uprising-space.

If you are a ruby developer, kick ass designer, or movement organizer
with time to dedicate to this project please contact
danscott(at)riseup.net.

Stay tuned for more updates and an announcement of the first public roll
out.

## PLEASE DONATE!

A big heartfelt thanks to everyone who has donated to Riseup.net. We
have a pretty different funding model than your average lefty
organization, in that we don't rely on grants or outside funding to keep
us going. The revolution will not be funded, and we want to build
alternative institutions that exist independently of the
non-profit-industrial-complex.

Riseup is entirely supported by our user community. If you can, please
support your Riseup.net so we can continue to support you in all the
wonderful work that you do.

See http://riseup.net/donate for information on how to donate.

In solidarity,
The Riseup Collective
