@title = 'June'
@toc = false

# Nobody likes spam

Want some tricks to deal with it? Here are two quick ones:

Did you know that if a spam message manages to sneak into your Inbox, all you 
have to do is move it into the Spam folder and there is less chance it will 
happen again? You can also move things out of the Spam folder so the spam 
filtering system can learn that was the wrong thing to do.

You can also adjust the sensitivity of the anti-spam filter: the more 
sensitive the setting the more spam it will catch, but it will also increase 
the chances of making a mistake. This and other settings can be configured at 
https://account.riseup.net

# New webmail interface

We are excited to tell you about the new interface our webmail will be 
switching to on July 30th. This new design is cleaner, has a more modern look 
and most importantly, it supports tablets and mobile phones, a feature 
requested by many of you for a very long time.

While we love the benefits of the new design, it also means that the 
experience using it will change and that's something that can always be a 
little harsh. We don't want to be bringing you problems, afterall you are 
busy creating a better world!

So if you want to get used to it sooner, you can try the new design before 
its switched on by following the instructions here
https://riseup.net/en/email/webmail/elastic and report any problems at
https://support.riseup.net

# Servers stabilizing, solidarity rising

During the last few weeks, you may have noticed our services have sometimes 
been slow, or not working as expected. There has been an accelerated increase 
in demand for our tools as physical distancing drives us to connect and 
collaborate more and more online. We will always work as fast as we can to 
stabilize things, but there is a lot of work to do!

Thanks to the many people who have contributed to keep us going. We are 
impressed with how much support you have provided for the riseup VPN. Look 
for an update about what we're doing to improve our VPN services in a future 
newsletter.

We still need your financial support to meet the increasing demand for our 
communication tools as people rise up around the world. 
https://riseup.net/en/donate Please contribute if you can when you take a
break from being in the streets!
